Character Brief: The Retiring Diplomat
Name: Charles Whitmore
Age: 67
Career: Ambassador
Hometown: Greenwich, Connecticut
Education: Graduated Summa Cum Laude with a BA in History with a concentration on diplomatic history.
Backstory
I am a polarizing figure in modern politics — a powerful man who protected the interests of the United States, yet, to some, a selfish political pawn with deep ties to defense contractors.

My crowning achievement was the Strategic Stability Accord. The Accord, among other critical provisions, limited the development of certain classes of weapons — nuclear, biological, chemical, and deep-space systems — while permitting the modernization of others. It was not a perfect agreement, but one that allows us to survive.

My critics will say that Aegis Dynamics Group invested millions in lobbying efforts surrounding the deal. Every dollar was legal. Every meeting was disclosed. Every channel was proper.

My forty years in the geopolitical arena paid dividends for the world as much as they did for me. The Strategic Stability Accord achieved a long-term peace that many believed was impossible until I brought the right people to the right table at the right moment.

There are those who would like to stain my legacy. There always are. Peace is profitable for some and threatening to others. My wife and I planned this evening carefully. This celebration is not merely a retirement party — it is a reminder. I am the diplomat who brought peace to the world. And history will remember me as such.
Objective
Protect your legacy at all costs. You invited members of the press to your party knowing they will write an article about you - make sure it’s a good one.
Connections
Your wife, Anna (<played by>), will be in attendance, she thinks the world of you, but she knows the secrets you hold. Thanks to you, Anna has been the first chair harpist throughout her illustrious career.

Anna’s best friend, Alice (<played by>), who is honestly an even more talented harpist than your wife.

Two journalists who will write glowing reviews of your party:
	•	Josh Roberson from the New York Times who you haven’t seen in many years
	•	Sam Jackson from the Greenwich Local - he is also your closest friend since childhood - as close as he is you have never told him you secret
The director of the London Symphony Orchestra, Sam Grossman (<played by>). You have made big donations to his organization - Grossman being here will be a good look. It’s a little uncomfortable though because he has always been in love with Anna. Poor guy.

The ambassador taking over your role, John Brightmann (played by …). He is young and looks up to you, but doesn’t yet understand the inner workings of the political space. And he definitely doesn’t know your secrets.
